README.md, before:

MHFacebookImageViewer
=======================

A new Image Viewer inspired by Facebook


## Screenshots

![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/demo1_zpse8778327.gif)

![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/Demo2_zps23b37e99.gif)

![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/Demo3_zps54985d8d.gif)


# Demo Video

http://youtu.be/NTs2COXxrrA



# Requirements


* Current version can run from iOS 5 to iOS 7 (But must be build < XCode 4.6.x)
* Please uncheck the Use AutoLayout in the property inspector of The UIStoryboard for IOS 5 Support ![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/ScreenShot2013-06-24at33149PM_zpsec274276.png)
* [AFNetworking](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking) - for image lazy loading


# Usage

## How to use it
Just

	#import "MHFacebookImageViewer.h"  


and then in your UIImageView after you set the Image just call the 

### Single Image Support

	- (void)  setupImageViewer;
	
	- (void) setupImageViewerWithCompletionOnOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;


or if you want to load other image (for example a hi-res version of that image) 

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithImageURL:(NSURL*)url; 

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithImageURL:(NSURL *)url onOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;

### Multiple Images Support

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithDatasource:(id<MHFacebookImageViewerDatasource>)imageDatasource onOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithDatasource:(id<MHFacebookImageViewerDatasource>)imageDatasource initialIndex:(NSInteger)initialIndex onOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;


## Example (UITableViewController):

### In your UITableViewController import the MHFacebookImageViewer.h

	#import "MHFacebookImageViewer.h"
	
### In your [UITableView cellForRowAtIndexPath]

	- (UITableViewCell *)tableView:(UITableView *)tableView cellForRowAtIndexPath:(NSIndexPath *)indexPath
	{
	    static NSString *CellIdentifier = @"image_cell";
	    UITableViewCell *cell = UITableViewCell *cell = [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifier:CellIdentifier];
	    UIImageView * imageView = (UIImageView*)[cell viewWithTag:1];
	   
	    [imageView setImage:[UIImage imageNamed:[NSString stringWithFormat:@"%i.png",indexPath.row]]];
	    imageView.contentMode = UIViewContentModeScaleAspectFill;
	    [imageView setupImageViewer];
	    imageView.clipsToBounds = YES;
	    return cell;
	}

### If you want to include multiple images, Here is the DataSource Protocol or look for the sample project included in this repo.
	
	- (NSInteger) numberImagesForImageViewer:(MHFacebookImageViewer*) imageViewer;
	- (NSURL*) imageURLAtIndex:(NSInteger)index imageViewer:(MHFacebookImageViewer*) imageViewer;
	- (UIImage*) imageDefaultAtIndex:(NSInteger)index imageViewer:(MHFacebookImageViewer*) imageViewer;

### That's it. :)


Please let me know if you have any questions. 

Cheers,  
[Michael Henry Pantaleon](http://www.iamkel.net)

Twitter: [@michaelhenry119](https://twitter.com/michaelhenry119)

Linked in: [ken119](http://ph.linkedin.com/in/ken119)

http://www.iamkel.net



# Licensing

Copyright (c) 2013 Michael Henry Pantaleon (http://www.iamkel.net). All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

remove AFNetworking dependency, and remove Done button image

README.md, after:

MHFacebookImageViewer
=======================

A new Image Viewer inspired by Facebook
*NOTE: This fork removes AFNetworking dependency, and removes Done button image to use a plain text button instead.*

## Screenshots

![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/demo1_zpse8778327.gif)

![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/Demo2_zps23b37e99.gif)

![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/Demo3_zps54985d8d.gif)


# Demo Video

http://youtu.be/NTs2COXxrrA



# Requirements


* Current version can run from iOS 5 to iOS 7 (But must be build < XCode 4.6.x)
* Please uncheck the Use AutoLayout in the property inspector of The UIStoryboard for IOS 5 Support ![Preview](http://i1102.photobucket.com/albums/g447/michaelhenry119/IOS%20Controls/MHFacebookImageViewer/ScreenShot2013-06-24at33149PM_zpsec274276.png)
* [AFNetworking](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking) - for image lazy loading


# Usage

## How to use it
Just

	#import "MHFacebookImageViewer.h"  


and then in your UIImageView after you set the Image just call the 

### Single Image Support

	- (void)  setupImageViewer;
	
	- (void) setupImageViewerWithCompletionOnOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;


or if you want to load other image (for example a hi-res version of that image) 

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithImageURL:(NSURL*)url; 

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithImageURL:(NSURL *)url onOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;

### Multiple Images Support

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithDatasource:(id<MHFacebookImageViewerDatasource>)imageDatasource onOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;

	- (void) setupImageViewerWithDatasource:(id<MHFacebookImageViewerDatasource>)imageDatasource initialIndex:(NSInteger)initialIndex onOpen:(MHFacebookImageViewerOpeningBlock)open onClose:(MHFacebookImageViewerClosingBlock)close;


## Example (UITableViewController):

### In your UITableViewController import the MHFacebookImageViewer.h

	#import "MHFacebookImageViewer.h"
	
### In your [UITableView cellForRowAtIndexPath]

	- (UITableViewCell *)tableView:(UITableView *)tableView cellForRowAtIndexPath:(NSIndexPath *)indexPath
	{
	    static NSString *CellIdentifier = @"image_cell";
	    UITableViewCell *cell = UITableViewCell *cell = [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifier:CellIdentifier];
	    UIImageView * imageView = (UIImageView*)[cell viewWithTag:1];
	   
	    [imageView setImage:[UIImage imageNamed:[NSString stringWithFormat:@"%i.png",indexPath.row]]];
	    imageView.contentMode = UIViewContentModeScaleAspectFill;
	    [imageView setupImageViewer];
	    imageView.clipsToBounds = YES;
	    return cell;
	}

### If you want to include multiple images, Here is the DataSource Protocol or look for the sample project included in this repo.
	
	- (NSInteger) numberImagesForImageViewer:(MHFacebookImageViewer*) imageViewer;
	- (NSURL*) imageURLAtIndex:(NSInteger)index imageViewer:(MHFacebookImageViewer*) imageViewer;
	- (UIImage*) imageDefaultAtIndex:(NSInteger)index imageViewer:(MHFacebookImageViewer*) imageViewer;

### That's it. :)


Please let me know if you have any questions. 

Cheers,  
[Michael Henry Pantaleon](http://www.iamkel.net)

Twitter: [@michaelhenry119](https://twitter.com/michaelhenry119)

Linked in: [ken119](http://ph.linkedin.com/in/ken119)

http://www.iamkel.net



# Licensing

Copyright (c) 2013 Michael Henry Pantaleon (http://www.iamkel.net). All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
